“Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code.” 
“Computers are fast; programmers keep it slow.” 
“When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.” 
“How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that’s a hardware problem.” 
“Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.” 
“Programming can be fun, and so can cryptography; however, they should not be combined.” 
“Copy-and-Paste was programmed by programmers for programmers actually.” 
“Algorithm: Word used by programmers when they don’t want to explain what they did.” 
“Software and cathedrals are much the same — first we build them, then we pray.” 
“There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third works.” 
“If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.” 
“Remember that there is no code faster than no code.” 
“One man’s crappy software is another man’s full-time job.” 
“No code has zero defects.” 
“A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.” 
“Deleted code is debugged code.” 
“Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job.” 
“It’s not a bug — it’s an undocumented feature.” 
“It works on my machine.” 
“It compiles; ship it.” 
“Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.” 
“In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority.” 
“A program is never less than 90% complete and never more than 95% complete.” 
“I’ve finally learned what upward compatible means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.” 
“Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.” 
“Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for still doesn’t work.” 
“Programming made the impossible possible. You can have a null object and a constant variable.” 
“C++: An octopus made by nailing extra legs onto a dog.” 
“When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.” 
“C programmers never die. They are just cast into void.” 
“Without C we only have Obol, Pasal, and BASI.” 
“In C we had to code our own bugs. In C++ we can inherit them.” 
“Q: How different are C and C++? A: 1. Because C — C++ = 1.” 
“What’s the object-oriented way to get wealthy? Inheritance.” 
“C++: Where your friends have access to your private members.” 
“Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don’t C#.” 
“Q: What did the Java code say to the C code? A: You’ve got no class.” 
“You’ll surely have fun when programming Kotlin, promised.” 
“There’s no obfuscated Perl contest because it’s pointless.” 
“Perl: The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.” 
“If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.” 
“JavaScript logic: 0 == 0 and 0 == []; therefore, 0 != []. 
“Python: Executable pseudocode. Perl: Executable line noise.” 
“Should one learn Advanced BASIC programming language?” 
“Knock, knock … Who’s there? … *very long pause* … Java.”
“God is real … unless declared integer.” 
“COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.” 
“A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables, and asks, ‘Can I join you?’” 
“To understand what recursion is, you must first understand recursion.” 
“Russian roulette: [ 4 == 0 ] && rm -rf / || echo *Click*” 
“The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.” 
“There are 10 kinds of people in the world: Those who know binary and those who don’t.” 
“William Shakespeare’s question 2B OR NOT 2B = FF. 
“Q: If 1 is true and 0 is false? A: 1.” 
“There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things.” 
“UNIX is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.” 
“UNIX is user friendly. It’s just very particular about who its friends are.” 
“Linux is only free if your time has no value.” 
“A system administrator has two problems: 1. Dumb users. 2. Smart users.” 
“Potential partners are like internet domain names — the ones I like are already taken.” 
“Keyboard Failure. Press F1 to continue.” 
“vi vi vi — the editor of the beast.” 
“.NET is called .NET so that it wouldn’t show up in a UNIX directory listing.” 
“ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.” 
“There’s no place like 127.0.0.1.” 
“I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.” 
“When we had no computers, we had no programming problems either.” 
“There is an easy way and a hard way. The hard part is finding the easy way.” 
“Computers are good at following instructions but not at reading your mind.” 
“The best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections.” 
“The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before.” 
“Q: Is the glass half-full or half-empty? A: The glass is twice as big as it needs to be.” 
“In theory, there ought to be no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.” 
“There is no Ctrl-Z in life.” 
“Whitespace is never white.” 
“When all else fails … reboot.” 
“The only way to learn to code is to write a lot of code.” 
